Hi, everyone.
In this letter, we are going to go ahead and arrange our images next to each other.
All right, so first things first, what I'm going to going to do is we have to select the elements
that we want to work with.
So the first element that I want to select is going to be the list, right.
Because I want to grab all the children of that list and I'm going to show you another way that we can
select them.
OK, so I'm just going to call this variable list and I'm going to say document that query selector,
because there is only one list that we want to grab.
There is one list and we want to grab it.
So we are just going to say, query, select and we are going to pass in the class.
So the next thing that I want to do is I want to grab all the images and I want to create an array.
OK, so I'm just going to say array that from.
So wherever we get our items, there are going to be the array items.
Right?
So I'm going to say a list that children and we have talked about the children.
All right.
Property, the children.
Yeah, yeah.
It is a property.
And then the next thing that I want to do is I want to grab our next button.
So I'm just going to call it next Vitton.
Now, the next button is the button on the right.
Right.
So I'm just going to say document that query selector and the class for that is Dot Beaton Dash.
So let's go ahead and check it out here.
So this is the class.
Now, if I grab it by this class, this class of BATNA is shared with the first button as well.
But this class of Vitton that's left is unique.
Right?
So we are just going to select and buy those classes.
OK, so the next thing that I want to do is and which is the final thing in here is I want to grab the
left button as well and I'm going to call the left button, the previous button.
So previous buttons.
Right.
So the first thing that we have to do here is we need to grab the width of the image.
Whenever we can grab the width of our images, then we can be we can put our images next to each other.
We can arrange them next to each other.
Whenever we want to arrange our images next to each other, we should know the width.
So whenever that with ends, we want to exactly at that point insert another image.
OK, so at the point where the image with ends, we want to insert another image right there.
So in here, I'm just going to write a comment and I'm going to say getting images, images with and
for this one, what I'm going to do is I'm going to create another consonant and I'm going to call it
image with.
All right.
And we have talked about how this images is an array.
So if this images is an array, what I can do is I can success, I can access, not success.
I can access the items within those within.
Within the array.
By the by selecting their index.
So the first item that I want to select is going to have the index of zero.
So whenever I select that, I want I want to call a method of get bounding client direct on it.
Right.
And from there, what I want to do is because whenever we call this method on any data structure, what
what this method allows us to do is it gives us a lot of dimensions, a lot of coordinates that we can
work with.
Now, what is the coordinate or what is the dimension that I want to work with?
And that is the width.
So what I'm going to do is I'm just going to go ahead, uncancel log it so we can see what is what is
it that we have just grabbed here.
So I'm just going to say images with let's save it.
Let's come here.
Let's go to inspect and let's go to sources.
Don't worry about this message.
This is because of the font.
Awesome that we have included here.
All right.
And now we see that we have a 15 36.
So the width of this image is actually 15, 36, six pixels.
But notice, we don't have our pixel value here.
It just gives us the width.
It doesn't give us like a unit for that width.
So what do we have to do is we should add a pixel unit to it as well.
And we are going to do that whenever we want to arrange.
No one can say arranging.
We want to arrange the images next to each other.
I'm just next to each other.
And should I write them together?
No, that does not look well.
All right, so in here, what I'm going to do is I'm going to run a function, right.
And I'm going to say sit AMG position.
So this is the name of this function.
It is set IMG position.
All right.
And in here, what I'm going to do is I'm going to pass in two parameters.
The first one is image, then the second one is index.
All right.
And we are going to grab our image and we are going to say style.
Now we are in the classroom and we are going to say left.
So whenever the user clicks on the right button, we want to move them just to the left.
OK, and what what should this value be equal to?
It should be equal to our images with images or image with it should be equal to the image with times,
the index for that image.
Plus what what should we add to the unit and what does this exactly mean?
It means that we are going to call our function of sitt image position, OK, and we are going to pass.
And what do we want this function to do?
We want we want these parameters to be calculated inside this function.
So we have our image and we are going to style that image.
And in this style, we are going to grab the left property.
Now, the left property for our images is going to come from this image with that, we just calculated
there.
So now let's let's say the first images showing.
So this is going to be our first image.
What is the index for the first image?
We know that indices start from zero.
So this index is going to be zero.
So image time zero, we are going to get zero.
Right.
And zero plus pixels we are going to grab we are going to end up with zero pixels.
And what does that mean?
It means that the first image will not be moved to the left because the this distance that we want to
move it by is just zero.
OK, so now let's go ahead and let's take it the second image.
But we don't have any kind of loop in here.
So this function will just go ahead and calculate the first image.
What what about the rest of the images?
So for them to be calculated, we need to pass in a a loop.
So what I'm going to use is a for each loop and in there what what do I want this for each loop to loop
over or to iterate over.
I want it to iterate over this image function.
Right.
So now in here, what what does this look does is whenever we call this function inside this for each
the first thing that this for each is going to do is grab the image that has an index of zero.
Well, actually, they grab the lie because lies are the children of the list.
But you keep the unit, you get the idea.
So the lie, which has an index of zero.
This thing is going to happen.
We just talked about it.
But what if what about the lie, which has an index of one.
So we are going to grab our image and the index is one.
All right.
And what is the image with the images with is going to be fifteen, thirty six times one, which is
going to be fifteen, thirty six and we are going to add pixel to it.
So the second image which has an index of one, is going to be moved to left by what, distance by distance
of fifteen, thirty six pixels and so on and so forth.
So for the second image the distance is going to be fifteen, thirty six times the index and the index
is going to be two.
And this in this manner, these images with there are going to be calculated and all images are going
to be sitting next to each other.
All right, so I'm just going to go ahead and close this, and now after this code, you guys can see
that now we can see our first image sitting here, because right now, all images, they're not on top
of each other as we had them before.
They are sitting next to each other.
Right.
So they're sitting next to each other and starting from the next video onwards, we are going to see
where those images actually sit.
That's it for this video.
See you guys in the next one.